public roadmap update (#227)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/roadmap.md

# Roadmap

## Unattended upgrades

Support for fully unattended upgrades of Compliant Kubernetes, to allow off-hour upgrades, etc.

## Support for pull-based CD that adhere to security safeguards 

Compliant kubernetes can be integrated with many different CI/CD pipelines.
Pull-based solutions such as Argo and Flux by default require too extensive security privileges
and needs modified roles to be operated in a safe manner. 

## Multi-provider stretched clusters

Compliant kubernetes can stretch several data centers. We plan to extend this support to be able to 
stretch clusters across all supported cloud providers and thus improve geo-resilience. 

## Migration of logging stack to OpenSearch

We will migrate the current logging stack to OpenSearch. This will stabilize the logging interface and 
make log-based alerting generally available in Compliant Kubernetes. 

## Security hardening as code 

> Implementation of suggested [security safeguards](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/safeguards/) through Open Policy Agent. 

Reviewer: These are already implemented, just documentation is a bit lagging behind.

```suggestion
Implementation of security safeguards, in addition to those listed [here](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/safeguards/) through Open Policy Agent. 
```
